New//
	There are some minor problems with the text of the game.
	ex: Score: You are a Noob40
	//


- For whatever reason, when I talk to Bob, and say no to taking the Shotgun, it prints 'Talk to who?' as if I just typed 'talk' initially.

- There should be a means of checking an Item's secondaryNames and commands 
in-game.

- Player needs to be able to check their Hunger level.

*FIXED - simply add secondary names in .zork* 
1.Things like Shotgun and shotgun should be treated the same. If this is not 
the case then the game becomes tedious.

*Not necessaary - Player can type 'take 10 ammo' or however much they want*
2.Need to pick up ALL ammo when you try to pick it up. The necessity of saying
take ammo, take ammo, take ammo, take ammo when you are trying to take all
50 ammo in the pile. This is supposed to be fun not a game about picking up
ammo.

3.Need to expand the syntax for talking to Npcs. Currently only "talk bob" 
works. Should also accept a more natural sounding "talk to bob".

4.I will be adding a xp system to the game. This will be for things like
shooting and attack with melee weapons. The more that a Weapon type is used
the more accurate you will be with that type of weapon.  This will involve 
adding a accuracy engine to the combat.

5.The light system is not intuitive. I was not able to figure it out without
looking at the code. My fiancée was not able to ether. This should be 
changed to something that is easier to guess. (this is a .zork thing. So 
not a coding thing just something to keep in mind as you are creating a 
.zork file)

You cannot drop more than one of the same item at a time. 

BUG:  When a item transforms it does not disappear. We lost points for this with the last submission.

BUG: When you say take all and there are more than one item in the room then it prints out one line per item. This includes one line for each of the 70 ammo or 6 daggers.

BUG: There are 70 ammo in the room. You say take the 70 ammo. The message that it prints back is that there are not 70 ammoss here. However it does pick up the 70 ammo. 


